Ye Xian thank you
I didn't expect you to do me such a big favor
I don't even know how to thank you
If you really want to thank me
Then you help me put this house on top
Feng Media Company is well managed
I wouldn't run a company like that
I'm counting on you.
Oh yeah, we're rich now
I also have my own live broadcast company.
I want to bring my Shanshui Village villagers
Let's get rich together
I have a great idea!
Let's help them live stream together.
Plus agritainment and bed and breakfast
Just right to turn the village into an Internet celebrity clock in a resort
OK, so be it.
All the live broadcast equipment is handed over to you.
Don't worry, I will solve it perfectly.
Then I am now
Pass this news to my sister-in-law first
Just do it first
Ah, my hair is messy
Sister-in-law is me
I didn't mean to come in
It's you, Jay
I want to go out
Sorry, don't go out.
If it is a little fairy
Come down and see, it's alright